---
title: My date with Molly
published_on: 2021-08-06
header_img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1603075405760-a48a4c4db0ab?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=max&fm=jpg&ixid=MnwxMTc3M3wwfDF8c2VhcmNofDZ8fGJsaXNzfGVufDB8fHx8MTYyODI4MzE5Nw&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&w=2000
---

Hello friends 💙
===============

***Enjoy this article? Make sure to subscribe and share with friends! It’s the best way to support me 😃***

*LEGAL GMC DISCLAIMER: **this is really about a girl called Molly**. Any other interpretation has been **hallucinated** through your own mind. Our brains are wild!* 🧠

🔅 Molly changed my life.
========================

Molly was very a **popular** and **attractive** girl.

However, she ran in different circles to mine so I hadn’t met her personally.

People spoke **adoringly** of her.

They said she made them feel **happy**; she created this **ecstasy** simply by virtue of her presence.

🗻 Rock bottom
=============

Life is not a good place when the **facade of hope** has been pulled away. You feel like you’re experiencing the truth about life: **negativity** and **despair**.

When you think you’ve hit **rock bottom**, you have little to lose.

Others said Molly helped them so I figured I might as well try.

She’s probably part of the reason I’m still kicking about.

😨 Meeting Molly was scary
=========================

As dates go, ours was unconventional: she came to hang out with me and my 3 best friends at my house.

I was *very* anxious when I first met her.

I started getting these **feelings of dread** that maybe she wasn’t as great as everyone else said.

I got **worried**.

**I wanted Molly to leave**.

And then it happened, all at once.

Molly changed my life.

🚧 Bringing down barriers
========================

In my short existence, I’ve never been happier than those few hours she was with me.

Molly was the **best therapist**.

She opened my eyes to the fact that we all hold a **reservoir of love, gratitude, and compassion**. It comes from droplets of joy collected over time – from experiences with loved ones and in life.

She showed me that I’d built **flood gates** to stop love and affection from flowing out.

This was necessary because **not everyone is kind**. The world is a mean place so **barriers must be built**.

She revealed if those barriers are up for too long, the entrapped reservoir of compassion and gratitudecauses **droughts for myself and others**.

**Love should be shared, not hidden.**

Molly made those barriers come **crashing down**.

Unlike other people, Molly doesn’t make you say things you regret or don’t mean. The stuff coming out is **truly what you think** when Molly isn’t around. She simply **encourages** you to express it.

✨ Keeping the barriers down
===========================

She taught me that **I control the barriers**.

Once down, you begin to wonder why they were so high.

Nowadays, I try to keep the flood gates well-oiled. I do my best to ensure a controlled amount is always flowing, **especially** when things get depressing.

Molly reminded me of each of life's delights.

I’d forgotten how to appreciate my existence and **she brought back the warmth**.

In many of us, there exists a **Noonday Demon** that kidnaps hope even when life shines bright.

Once hope has disappeared for long enough, you assume it’s gone.

**Molly brought back hope**.

🔬 Qualia > Serotonin
====================

There’s an objective, scientific explanation as to how Molly made me feel good.

Her presence led to an increased concentration of the ‘happy’ neurotransmitter **serotonin** within synapses. Anti-depressant medications hold similar mechanisms of action.

Unfortunately, this **reductionist theory** doesn’t explain how she generated the **subjective** **qualia** of **happiness**.

What made me **feel** good?

My view is that **Molly is a brilliant Sherpa** who can **guide** you towards remembering how amazing life is. 

However, the specific **quale of joy** **is created through our** **own experience**.

It could not exist without the positive memories we already have; without the compassion, we already hold for loved ones.

**Happiness comes from within**.

💊 We choose happiness
=====================

Only **I** can create my own happiness.

Molly started me on a journey to live a better life.

But at the end of the day, **Molly's just a girl**.

I’m **responsible** for living a happy life.

I’m tired of simply being a **passive receiver of my mood**; I’ve decided to be an **active creator of my own joy**.

I plan to see Molly again for the foreseeable future. I appreciate her **nudging reminders** to let my barriers down.

She’s the only person I would recommend **everyone** meets at least once.

And as much as I can tell you how she made ***me*** feel, *you* will only understand by meeting her yourself (big up [Mary’s Room](__GHOST_URL__/4-considering-the-qualia-of-human-life/)).

Peace,  
Anchit x



---

Cool things I've come across this week:
=======================================

* 🎶 [Molly (Lil Dicky ft. Brendon Urie)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZkVqLjGM_I) - love Lil' Dicky
* 🔊 [The Art of Logic by Eugenia Chang (Talks at Google)](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3mqVTdNtSjCMfOo1bUhga3?si=oQGVMgqtRKiCoa9k6EhS8A&dl_branch=1) - fascinating talk by **Eugenia Chang** who uses abstract pure maths concepts to explain the world and our interactions with each other. She helps re-frame moments of disagreement or ill-will – to understand why people may believe the things they do.
* 📺 [How to sell drugs online (fast)](https://www.netflix.com/search?q=how%20to%20sell%20drugs&jbv=80218448) - this show is an irreverent version of Breaking Bad except Walter White is a 17-year-old boy who **just wants to create value in the world by doing something he’s good at**. Sadly, the authorities have made it illegal. **#PoliceState**
