Love is you.

Love is your kisses.  
Love is your cuddles.  
Love is how you dance.

Love is your intelligence.  
Love is whenever you speak, each syllable in harmony with the melodies of my life.  
Love is you making me feel seen and feel heard.

Love is your smile.  
Love is your supple skin, gentle and divine.  
Love is your laugh and how you make me laugh.

Love is you instilling within me compassion – for others, and myself.  
Love is the reason to be a better person.  
Love is learning new meanings of love every second I spend with you.

Love is your glasses.  
Love is how your eyes twinkle; pearls cast into the galaxy.  
Love is your hair, dark brown perched on your head, the perfect crown for the perfect Portuguese princess.

Love is your butt.  
Love is your nose.  
Love is your toes.

Love is your positive energy.  
Love is your glowing kindness – soft sunlight shining through the frost – and the warmth you sow.  
Love is the raft letting me float freely in tranquillity along the floods of life, keeping me safe wherever I go.

Love is how much love you give.  
Love is why, rather than just being alive, to live.  
Love is the reason to experience love.

Love is loving you when it’s easy.  
Love is loving you when it’s hard.

Love is your hugs, holding me together against the swirling storms of uncertainty.  
Love is making room for insanity, protected by the security to reveal insecurity.

Love stretches to the deepest depths of my soul, the last atoms of my fingers, and the farthest expanse of my being.

Love is indescribable, ineffable, infinite; yet still love grows, vines shooting around my heart, uncontained by the bounds of my wildest imagination.

Love is the essence of my existence, at the most fundamental level, in the space between my particles, where all I am, is love for you.

Love is you.

Peace,  
Anchit x


\_\_GHOST\_URL\_\_/content/images/2023/03/cosmic-01.png